+++
title = "Twitter without humans"
draft = true
+++

Procrastinate wisely.

<!--more-->


## Problems {#problems}


### There's a lot of valuable yet hidden information on the internet {#there-s-a-lot-of-valuable-yet-hidden-information-on-the-internet}

Google's response quality strongly correlates with the quality of the question.
Oftentimes we don't have the right question: either because we lack
understanding on the topic to formulate it, or because we didn't think that we
needed particular knowledge until we learned it.


### We procrastinate anyway so why not make it useful {#we-procrastinate-anyway-so-why-not-make-it-useful}

I believe that such an app could become a good replacement therapy for people
who get used to open their social network app when they feel anxiety. I used to
do this myself with Twitter and after switching to Youtube which is trained on
STEM topics I'm interested in a year ago I feel much better.


## Solution {#solution}


### Resource summary as a content {#resource-summary-as-a-content}

It's always a wonder when you accidentally stumble upon a twit where someone
mentions an article on a topic relevant to you right now. Imagine if your whole
feed would consist of such twits: summaries of relevant resources with a link to
the original. Resource could be any form of educational content: an online
course, a blog post, a research paper, a YouTube video, a podcast.


### Personalization {#personalization}

There's too much information on the internet, so we need a way to filter the
relevant one. There a couple of ways to do that:

-   suggest user to make all relevant search requests through the app and
    1.  either redirect them to Google, logging the request
    2.  or search through the database of already generated summaries
-   allow to like or dislike twits
-   allow to follow topics


### Interaction with AI {#interaction-with-ai}

Users will be able to ask AI questions, request feedback on their work or maybe
even discuss stuff just by tweeting, as if it was a regular Twitter.


### [bonus] Many competing AIs {#bonus-many-competing-ais}

As opposed to the Twitter fighting bots, we could actually encourage people to
make AIs which compete between each other for being useful to the user. As an
incentive system we could split user subscription fee in proportion to the
amount of positive interactions with the tweets generated by an AI.


### [bonus] Every person has a unique tuned model aka avatar {#bonus-every-person-has-a-unique-tuned-model-aka-avatar}

We can think of the model trained on our preferences as of an avatar of
ourselves, which is able to constructively communicate with such models of other
people and come up with new ideas.


### [bonus] What would Einstein suggest on this topic? {#bonus-what-would-einstein-suggest-on-this-topic}

Fine-tuning models on the data we have of prominent scientists, we could
essentially talk to the dead and potentially get valuable insights. Though we
would need a lot of accurate data, which is especially hard to come by for the
people who lived before the invention of the Internet.


### [offtop] Simulating events with models tuned on communities {#offtop-simulating-events-with-models-tuned-on-communities}

Fine-tuning models on replies of specific communities can be handy in learning
their opinion or predicting the impact of potential actions. We could train the
model on the "smartest" people on Twitter and ask what they would say about a
certain article or event. Or we could simulate the reaction of specific groups
on geopolitical events.


## Users {#users}


### IT Twitter/Tiktok crowd {#it-twitter-tiktok-crowd}

It's not a replacement for social platforms, but some people might find it
better for their mental health: no drama, no tribalism, no hate.


### Youtube learners {#youtube-learners}

Youtube has a great recommendation system for learning. The only drawback there
is too little content. There still appear to be much more content in the text
form as of 2022.
